c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\UrbanAirshipJsTest.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\nodes\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\UrbanAirship.winmd
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\UrbanAirship.xml
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\UrbanAirship.pri
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\UrbanAirshipJsTest.jsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\UrbanAirship.pri.xml
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\RuntimeComponentTest.winmd
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\RuntimeComponentTest.pdb
C:\Users\Nodes\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrbanAirshipJsTest\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\RuntimeComponentTest.pri
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\UrbanAirshipJsTest.jsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\UrbanAirshipJsTest.jsproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\UrbanAirshipJsTest.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\PushComponent.winmd
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\PushComponent.pdb
C:\Users\Johnny\Documents\Work\UARuntimeComponentWindows\UrbanAirshipJsTest\bin\Debug\PushComponent.pri
